there's gonna be BBQ like all over the
place like that be back
everyone's watching Eurovision like what
that's you
oh my gosh shiny Atkins already I'm dead
serious 130 130 what the oh yeah oh
think I'm not calling it off if I
catch crab okay okay wow that scared me
i would steve is looking because i'm
only at 130
you know see if I would continue we get
done get probably we've been here I'm
gonna catch it I want to throw ball I
caught it Ekans already a bet against
this one too no it's late no oh my
god that was so quick no I'm just gonna
do it like two more encounters well
that's a fail reclaim time
yeah how did I catch a normal landing
the shiny one just right screw you I get
screwed
I am like that was so quick now watch
the mex phase go to Mike tank hey I'm
just gonna stay here like what I'm gonna
do like a couple encounters to make a
video of wonder so he just just given
away it wasn't gonna be named Bob know
maybe thought would have just said i was
going to name it bobbin would have
stayed chick up so bad but the safes
fine that's fine affectionate 30 like
what the hell
uh I can't believe that happened I know
that motorcycle man anyway that's the
end of the video off al de Atkins
hopefully I give it another one that
doesn't run away from me um it's a good
group congrats for failing yay anyway
good like a lot of your hands and I hope
you guys have better luck with your
Safari shiny thing I just did um see you
see I'm gonna call right now I was fine
with shiny sappy treat this is what she
does missing you you can't hear it right
now but she's trolling the crap out of
me anyway good looking over units and
i'll see you guys next time with my next
video